Implement statusBadge options to navigation node (#2860)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

### statusBadge
- **type**: object

> - **description**: allows to set a status badge for this node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: Allows you to set a status badge for this node. The status badge is a small label next to the title of the node, based on the Fundamental Styles [object status](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-styles/?path=/docs/components-object-status--clickable-object-status).
```

- **attributes**:

>   - **label**: string, the text is displayed on badge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **label**: string specifying the text displayed on the status badge.
```

>   - **type**: string. Allowed are `negative`, `positive`, `critical`, `informative`, or default as `neutral`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **type**: string. Allowed values are `negative`, `positive`, `critical`, `informative`, or `neutral`. The default is `neutral`.
```

- **example**:
    ```javascript
    {
      pathSegment: 'settings',
      label: 'Settings',
      viewUrl: '/sampleapp.html#/settings',
      statusBadge: {
        label: 'Settings',
        type: 'positive'
      }
    }

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
 - **since**: NEXTRELEASE
```
